Absolution of Inspiring is a skill that damages enemies in an area, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the enemy's corpse will be consumed to summon a friendly Sentinel of Absolution minion for a longer secondary duration or to refresh the duration and life of an existing one instead if you have the maximum number of them. It is a transfigured version of AbsolutionAbsolutionSpell, Minion, Duration, Physical, Lightning, AoELevel: (1-20)Cost: (9-26) ManaCast Time: 0.75 secCritical Strike Chance: 6.00%Effectiveness of Added Damage: (180-200)%Requires Level 12Damages enemies in an area, applying a debuff for a short duration. If a non-unique enemy dies while affected by the debuff, the corpse will be consumed to summon a Sentinel of Absolution for a secondary duration, or to refresh the duration and life of an existing one instead if you have the maximum number of them.Deals (21-873) to (31-1310) Physical DamageBase duration is 1.00 secondsBase secondary duration is 10.00 seconds+(0-0.6) metres to radius25% chance to Summon a Sentinel of Absolution on Hitting a Rare or Unique EnemyThis Spell and Minions Convert 50% of Physical Damage to Lightning DamageMaximum 3 Summoned Sentinels of Absolution Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Minions have (2-40)% increased Cooldown Recovery RatePlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version has a lower maximum minion count, but allows the non-minion portion of the skill to be scaled by minion damage with a stronger version of Spiritual Aid. Absolution of Inspiring has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Absolution of Inspiring can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Absolution. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. The following passive skills are related to Absolution: Absolution of Inspiring has the following alternate skill effects: Increased and Reductions to Minion Damage now also apply to this Skill's Damage at 250% of their value (previously 200%).