Armageddon Brand is a spell that creates a brand at the target position. While attached, the brands creates fiery meteors that land on the target's location and deal fire damage in an area. Maximum Active Brands: All brands share a limit of three (3) active brand limit. This can be split between the two brand skills (2-1) or all of one type. Passive skills can increase the number of active brands that are allowed to be active at a time. Maximum Brand Attachment: By default, you may only have one brand of any kind attached to a single target at any time. Taking the Keystone Runebinder allows you to place a second brand on a single target. Like the Active Brand limit these brands may either be split (1-1) or both the same type of brand. Spell Echo: Armageddon Brand currently functions with Spell Echo SupportSpell Echo SupportSpell, SupportIcon: kLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 150%Requires Level 38Supports spell skills, making them repeat when cast. Cannot support Vaal skills, totem skills, channelling skills, triggered skills, instant skills, retaliation skills, blink skills, or skills with a reservation.Supported Skills deal 10% less DamageSupported Skills Repeat an additional timeSupported Skills have (40-54)% more Cast Speed Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills deal (0.5-10)% increased Spell DamageThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. so far as repeating the initial cast of the brand. The more casting speed multiplier on spell echo does NOT however affect the activation speed of the brand once attached to a target. Meteor: When Armageddon Brand activates, it casts a meteor falling down on the attached enemy. However, this meteor has a slow travel time, so if the enemy is fast-moving, the meteor can miss the enemy entirely. This also affects the "smoothness" of the skill, as this meteor drop delay time cannot be overcome. The meteor deals damage in an area on impact, this area is affected by modifiers to AoE. Ignite: When scaling Ignite, it is not recommended to take Runebinder unless player tries to maximize ignite uptime while using Sadism Support, since having multiple brands attached to an enemy does not increase the Ignite damage taken by the enemy (since there can only be one active Ignite instance on the enemy). The only benefit from the keystone would be higher hit frequency on the enemy which would potentially cause a bigger Ignite (from a bigger hit) to be applied. Armageddon Brand can drop anywhere. Armageddon Brand can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following helmet enchantments affect Armageddon Brand. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Armageddon Brand has the following alternate skill effects: