time instead. Your life cannot be raised above low life other than by flasks, and while above low life, skills will cost life as well as mana.Life Recovery other than Flasks cannot Recover Life to above Low LifeWhen taking Damage from Hits, 40% of Life loss below half Life is Prevented, then (100-81)% of Life loss prevented this way is lost over 4 secondsSkills gain a Base Life Cost equal to 40% of Base Mana Cost while not on Low Life Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: -(0.25-5)% of Life loss prevented is lost over 4 secondsPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.), the minion will also spawn at Low Life, causing it to instantly explode with Minion Instability. The minion uses a bow Default Attack supported by all applicable support gems linked to Blink Arrow. It is unable to use other skills or move around. This skill can be used multiple times in a row by getting additional uses via Second Wind SupportSecond Wind SupportSupportIcon: 8Level: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 200%Requires Level 31Supports skills with cooldowns.Cannot support triggered skills.Supported Skills have (24-5)% reduced Cooldown Recovery RateSupported Non-Instant Skills have +1 Cooldown Use Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have (0.25-5)% increased Cooldown Recovery RateThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket.. Blink Arrow can drop anywhere. Blink Arrow can be created from the following recipes: Blink Arrow is used in the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: This item cannot be obtained in leagues with Ruthless mode enabled. The following helmet enchantments affect Blink Arrow. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. The following passive skills are related to Blink Arrow: No results found for the given query. Blink Arrow has the following alternate skill effects: