Consecrated Path of Endurance is an attack slam skill where the user strikes the ground to deal physical damage converted to fire damage around the user and create Consecrated Ground. When targeting distant enemies, the user will teleport to the target. The skill's cooldown can be bypassed by spending an Endurance Charge. It is a transfigured version of Consecrated PathConsecrated PathFire, Attack, AoE, Movement, Duration, Slam, MeleeLevel: (1-20)Cost: (9-13) ManaAttack Speed: 80% of baseAttack Damage: (227-417)% of baseEffectiveness of Added Damage: (227-417)%Requires Level 28Slams the ground at a targeted location. If an enemy is near where you target, you'll teleport to it from a short distance away, slam, and create an area of consecrated ground. Can't be supported by Multistrike, and requires a Sword, Axe, Mace, Sceptre, Staff or Unarmed.Base duration is 4.00 seconds50% of Physical Damage Converted to Fire DamageDeals up to 20% more Damage with Hits to closer targets Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Deals up to +(0.5-10)% more Damage with Hits to closer targetsPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version has a cooldown (which can be bypassed by spending an Endurance Charge), lower damage effectiveness, and scales damage and area of effect based on your Endurance Charges. The Endurance Charge used to bypass the cooldown does not contribute to the Endurance Charge scaling modifiers.[1] Consecrated Path of Endurance has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Consecrated Path of Endurance can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Consecrated Path. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Consecrated Path of Endurance has the following alternate skill effects: