Elemental Hit of the Spectrum is a ranged attack skill that fires a projectile which deals fire, cold, and lightning damage. Hitting an enemy will cause it to also deal damage in an area of effect around the enemy. The skill deals more damage for each elemental ailment present on enemies. You cannot deal physical or chaos damage with this skill. It is a transfigured version of Elemental HitElemental HitAttack, Melee, Strike, Fire, Cold, Lightning, AoE, PrismaticLevel: (1-20)Cost: (6-10) ManaAoE Radius: 10Requires Level 12Each attack with a melee weapon will choose an element at random, and will only be able to deal damage of that element. If the attack hits an enemy, it will deal damage in an area around them, with the radius being larger if that enemy is suffering from an ailment of the chosen element. It will avoid choosing the same element twice in a row.(21-609) to (40-1133) Added Cold Damage(26-748) to (49-1389) Added Fire Damage(4-118) to (80-2287) Added Lightning DamageOnly Deals Damage of the chosen ElementDeals no Damage of other Damage Types(30-49)% chance to Freeze, Shock and IgniteBase radius is 1 metre80% more Area Radius against Enemies affected by an Ailment of the chosen Element10% more Damage for each type of Elemental Ailment on the Enemy Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: +(0.25-5)% more Damage for each type of Elemental Ailment on the EnemyPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version can only be used with bows and wands and is no longer a Prismatic skill. It does not choose an element or prevent damage of other damage types, and does not gain area of effect based on specific ailments on the enemy. Instead, it deals a smaller amount of added damage of all three elements at once, and has a higher base radius. However, it still cannot deal physical or chaos damage. As Elemental Hit of the Spectrum is not a Prismatic skill, it cannot be modified by Combat Focus. Elemental Hit of the Spectrum has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Elemental Hit of the Spectrum can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Elemental Hit. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Elemental Hit of the Spectrum has the following alternate skill effects: