Eye of Winter is a cold spell that fires a projectile that deals no damage but that constantly releases shard projectiles in a spiral over its lifetime, and then on dissipation or collision with terrain explodes in an additional spiral of shard projectiles. The spell will fire 31 shards over its lifetime, and then explode for an additional 8 (+1 per 10 quality) shards. Additional Projectiles: Sources of additional projectiles do not increase the number of primary eye projectiles fired through casting this spell. Additional projectiles for this spell, obtained through modifiers or support gems such as Lesser Multiple Projectiles SupportLesser Multiple Projectiles SupportSupport, ProjectileIcon: lLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 130%Requires Level 8Supports projectile skills.Supported Skills deal (15-6)% less Projectile DamageSupported Skills fire 2 additional Projectiles Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills deal (0.5-10)% increased Projectile DamageThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. or Greater Multiple Projectiles SupportGreater Multiple Projectiles SupportSupport, ProjectileIcon: PLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 150%Requires Level 38Supports projectile skills.Supported Skills deal (35-26)% less Projectile DamageSupported Skills fire 4 additional Projectiles Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills deal (0.5-10)% increased Projectile DamageThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. only apply to the final spiral of shards. Projectile Behaviors: The standard behaviors of projectiles, such as Pierce, Fork, and Chain do not apply to the primary "eye" projectile, as the eye does not actually collide with enemies. These behaviors do apply to the secondary shard projectiles, however. Returning Projectiles: When this skill is supported by Returning Projectiles SupportReturning Projectiles SupportSupport, ProjectileIcon: RLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 150%Requires Level 38Supports projectile skills.Projectiles from Supported Skills Return to youProjectiles from Supported Skills deal (70-61)% less Damage with Hits and Ailments while ReturningProjectiles from Supported Skills Pierce all Targets while Returning Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have (0.5-10)% increased Projectile SpeedThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket., both the primary and secondary projectiles will return in the direction of the player's current position. Projectiles that dissipate before reaching their maximum range will not return however, thus this will usually only occur when the projectiles hit an obstacle, such as walls or elevated terrain. Projectile Speed: Modifiers to projectile speed affect both types of projectiles from this skill- the eye and the secondary shard projectiles. If projectile speed is increased, for example, the eye projectile travels further than it normally would, as do the shard projectiles, which would travel further before they dissipate. This can effectively increase the coverage area of this skill. Bear in mind, however, that the faster the eye projectile, the larger the gap formed between shard projectiles unleashed in the spiral; this may cause single targets close to the caster to take less damage than if the eye projectile travels slower. Spiral of Shard Projectiles: This skill fires an "eye" projectile which fires out secondary "shard" projectiles as it travels. These shards are released constantly as the eye travels, and if a target is directly in the center of the eye, the multiple shards can hit that target. This behavior also applies to the final spiral that is triggered upon the eye projectile reaching the end of its lifetime (through reaching its maximum distance or colliding with terrain). Though it may look like an explosion, it is indeed a very fast sequential spiral, meaning that with careful positioning by the player, a single target may be hit by all projectiles in this last spiral, effectively "shotgunning" this target. Traps and Mines: This skill can be turned into traps or mines with the appropriate support gems. Eye of Winter has 2 variants: Eye of Winter can drop anywhere. Eye of Winter can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following helmet enchantments affect Eye of Winter. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Eye of Winter has the following alternate skill effects: