Frostblink of Wintry Blast is a spell that teleports the user to the target location and deals cold damage in an area at both ends of the teleport. It is a transfigured version of FrostblinkFrostblinkSpell, Movement, Duration, Cold, Travel, Blink, AoELevel: (1-20)Cost: (12-22) ManaCooldown Time: (3.00 sec-2.60 sec)Can Store 1 Use(s)Cast Time: InstantCritical Strike Chance: 5.00%Effectiveness of Added Damage: (180-250)%Requires Level 4Teleport to a location, damaging enemies and leaving Chilled ground in an area at both ends of the teleport. Shares a cooldown with other Blink skills.Deals (9-1144) to (14-1716) Cold DamageBase duration is 3.00 seconds+(0-0.3) metres to radius(15-19)% increased Cooldown Recovery Rate for each Normal or Magic Enemy in Area(80-99)% increased Cooldown Recovery Rate for each Rare or Unique Enemy in Area(0-38)% increased maximum travel distance Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: (0.5-10)% increased maximum travel distancePlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version has less damage, lower damage effectiveness, does not create Chilled Ground, cannot Chill, does not have a cooldown, and is no longer instant. It also lacks the Blink gem tag. Instead, it has a cast time, higher mana cost, a hit damage multiplier based on the enemy's action speed reduction from chill, and removes chill after damaging. It also adds its cast time to its cooldown, if granted a cooldown by a trigger. Cooldown: The skill's tooltip cast time will be added onto any cooldowns triggering this skill, including any modifiers to cast speed. Attaching Faster Casting SupportFaster Casting SupportSupport, SpellIcon: fLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 110%Requires Level 18Supports non-instant spell skills.Supported Skills have (20-39)% increased Cast Speed Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have (0.5-10)% increased Cast SpeedThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. will reduce the overall cooldown, unlike typical triggers. Action Speed modifiers are disregarded for this interaction. Cooldown Recovery Rate modifiers will affect the sum of the original trigger's cooldown and Frostblink of Wintry Blast's additional cooldown. Removes Chill after Damaging: When chill is removed, enemies typically need to leave and re-enter the area of effect before chill can be reapplied. Frostblink of Wintry Blast has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Frostblink of Wintry Blast can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Frostblink. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Frostblink of Wintry Blast has the following alternate skill effects: