Ancestral Call is a support gem. Strike skills that are linked to Ancestral Call will target two additional nearby enemies at the same time, automatically selecting valid targets within range for the attacks. The effect that targets additional nearby enemies can only target enemies outside the strike range of the attacker's own animation. It has a minimum and a maximum range; an enemy cannot be too close or too far from the attacker to be targeted.[1] The base maximum appears to be approximately 3.5 metres, and can be increased by this support's gem quality and the anoint-only Sione's Ambition. The targeting range is unrelated to weapon range or melee strike range. The 'Ancestors' summoned at targeted enemies are client-side visual effects, not separate entities. Effects like damage reflection and leech will apply to the player normally.[2][3] When an additional nearby enemy is targeted, the strike against them can also hit other enemies (typically behind the target), depending on the skill's weapon range. While strike range is normally small, it can be raised through modifiers, which some skills may have by default (e.g. Frost Blades of KatabasisFrost Blades of KatabasisAttack, Melee, Strike, Cold, AoE, DurationLevel: (1-20)Cost: (6-10) ManaAttack Damage: (143-409)% of baseEffectiveness of Added Damage: (143-409)%Attack enemies with greatly increased range, creating a chilling area that deals cold damage over time if it hits. Requires a Melee Weapon.Base duration is 3.00 secondsDeals (9.6-3344.4) Base Cold Damage per secondThis Skill's Area of Effect cannot be modified60% of Physical Damage Converted to Cold Damage+5 metres to Melee Strike Range Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: +(0.05-1) metres to Melee Strike RangePlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.). Because Strike skills perform one critical strike roll per attack, hits against additional enemies require the same chance to crit as the player's own strike. Ancestral Call Support can drop anywhere. Ancestral Call Support can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: Ancestral Call Support has the following alternate skill effects: