Cluster Traps is a support gem that changes the laying behaviour of any supported traps. Instead of throwing a single trap, three traps are thrown at once, but these traps will be placed randomly in a radius around the targeted location and do less damage than normal. The maximum number of traps of the linked skill is also increased by five. Multiple traps - When a trap skill is supported by Multiple Traps SupportMultiple Traps SupportSupport, TrapIcon: tLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 140%Requires Level 8Supports traps skills, making them throw extra traps in a line.Supported Skills throw up to 2 additional TrapsSupported Skills deal (58-52)% less DamageSupported Skills can have up to 3 additional Traps placed at a time Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have (1-20)% increased Trap Trigger Area of EffectThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. and Cluster Traps, the resulting trap spread will throw a total of 5 traps in the same random spread as Cluster Trap alone. Throwing function - Cluster Trap skills can be thrown to locations of different heights, across gaps, and, unlike Multiple Traps Support, do not have a minimum throwing range. When paired with Multiple Traps, the rules for trap placement follow Cluster Trap's throwing patterns. Cluster radius - Traps thrown with Cluster Trap will always land within 20 units of the targeted enemy or location. Notably, this means with enough % increased Trap Trigger Area of Effect it is possible to increase your traps' trigger radius enough that they will always trigger against a stationary target. For standard sized enemies (radius of 2 units), this is achieved with a trap trigger radius of 18, a total of 224% increased Trap Trigger Area of Effect. The unique jewel Hair TriggerHair TriggerViridian Jewel(15-25)% increased Trap Damage(40-60)% increased Trap Trigger Area of EffectAnyone can catch a lumbering beast.Try catching a bird before it has even landed.Place into an allocated Jewel Socket on the Passive Skill Tree. Right click to remove from the Socket. may be useful or even necessary to achieve this much trigger area. Cluster Traps Support can drop anywhere. Cluster Traps Support can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following unique items are related to Cluster Traps Support: