Summon Phantasm Support is a support gem that causes supported skills to summon a phantasm minion upon killing an enemy or hitting a rare or unique enemy. Linking Summon Phantasm Support to an active skill causes it to become a skill that summons minions. This does not add the minion gem tag to the skill gem.[1] It does enable supportability by gems compatible with phantasms—projectile spell-casting minions. Compatible stats may also affect non-minion aspects of the skill. The level of Summon Phantasm Support will always determine the level of the Phantasms.[2] Summoned phantasms have a base cast rate of 0.85, 40% Elemental Resistances, and 20% Chaos Resistance. Multiple skills can be supported by Summon Phantasm Support, but the total number of Phantasms is limited by the highest level support gem. This support gem can support Summon Phantasm, a related skill. Because the skill itself cannot hit or summon non-phantasm minions, it cannot trigger the support gem's effects, but it does add the Maximum # Summoned Phantasm stat to its default maximum phantasms. Due to a bug, Phantasms summoned from minion skills do not inherit minion bonuses from the skill that it's linked to.[3] Summon Phantasm Support is a support gem; it does not summon phantasms, the skill it supports does. If that skill has any minion bonuses, naturally or from other support gems, those bonuses can also apply to phantasms. For example: Note: Summon Phantasm Support is an old support that predates hybrid gems. Its coding is acknowledged as problematic[4] and the above interactions may not be functional. Ingame confirmation is recommended. Summon Phantasm Support can drop anywhere. Summon Phantasm Support can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following unique items are related to Summon Phantasm Support: The following passive skills are related to phantasms: