Bodyswap of Sacrifice is a transfigured spell skill. The skill can target an enemy or a minion, exploding your body and teleporting you to the target. The skill creates an area of effect explosion that deals fire damage, which scales with your maximum life. When targeting a minion, it deals more damage, the minion explodes and is destroyed to deal damage relative to its maximum life. It is a transfigured version of BodyswapBodyswapMovement, Spell, AoE, Fire, TravelLevel: (1-20)Cost: (8-23) ManaCast Time: 0.70 secCritical Strike Chance: 6.00%Requires Level 10Violently destroys your body and recreates it at the location of a targeted enemy or corpse, dealing spell damage in an area at both locations. If there is no specific target, it will prioritise corpses over enemies. If targeting a corpse, the corpse will also explode, dealing damage around it that is not affected by modifiers to spell damage, and cannot be reflected. This spell cannot be repeated.This Spell deals (3-210) to (5-315), plus 4% of your maximum Life, as base Fire DamageExplosion deals base Fire Damage equal to (6-7.9)% of the corpse's Maximum Life+(0-0.2) metres to radius200% more Area of Effect if Consuming a corpse Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Deals +(0.2-4)% of your maximum Life, as base Fire DamagePlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version can target your own minions but not corpses. The damage scaling per maximum life of target is higher. It also gains more area of effect if a minion was targeted. Bodyswap of Sacrifice has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Bodyswap of Sacrifice can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Bodyswap. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch.