Cast when Damage Taken is a support gem. It causes a linked spell to trigger when the player takes a certain amount of damage from hits. Trigger gem: Cast when Damage Taken supports spells. Multiple different spells can be supported, and each will have their own damage taken counter and cooldown. Multiple copies of Cast when Damage Taken will also function independently, as long as they don't support copies of the same active skill, which would cause a shared cooldown. Because spells will only be triggered after the damage is taken, Cast when Damage Taken linked to a guard skill will never save the player from a killing blow; the character will die before the spell is triggered. Damage counter and trigger cooldown: The Cast when Damage Taken gem itself does not have a counter or cooldown, only spells it supports do.[1] Each supported skill has an internal damage counter that tracks the total accumulated damage taken from hits. Damage over time and non-damage loss do not contribute to this counter, i.e. you cannot use Righteous FireRighteous FireSpell, AoE, FireLevel: (1-20)Cooldown Time: 0.30 secCan Store 1 Use(s)Cast Time: InstantRequires Level 16Engulfs you in magical fire that rapidly burns you and nearby enemies. Your spell damage is substantially increased while under this effect. The effect ends when you have 1 life remaining.Deals 70% of your Maximum Life as Base Fire Damage per secondDeals 70% of your Maximum Energy Shield as Base Fire Damage per secondYou Burn for 90% of your Maximum Life per second as Fire DamageYou Burn for 70% of your Maximum Energy Shield per second as Fire DamageGrants (20-39)% more Spell DamageBase radius is (1.8-2.3) metres Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Base radius is (0.015-0.3) metresPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket. to trigger Cast when Damage Taken.[2] All damage counters will be reset to 0 upon entering a new area. A skill does not track damage taken while it is on cooldown. If the damage threshold is met but the skill cannot trigger (e.g. due to insufficient mana), the damage counter resets. Skill cooldowns: Because skills can only have one cooldown, Cast when Damage Taken does not add its 0.25s cooldown to skills that already have a cooldown that's equal or higher. Maximum level of supported skills: Cast when Damage Taken cannot support skills with a higher level requirement than that of Cast when Damage Taken itself. This restriction only applies to skill gems; support gems are not affected. Trigger order: If multiple triggers proc simultaneously, skills triggered follow a set order. Targeting: Triggered spells will target the location of the entity that dealt the hit that caused the trigger. Reflected damage is considered to come from the enemy which the damage was reflected from. If triggered by self-damage, it will target a random enemy, or if there are no enemies, it will target the player's location or a random direction, depending on the triggered skill.[3][4] Cast when Damage Taken Support can drop anywhere. Cast when Damage Taken Support can be created from the following recipes: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following unique items are related to Cast when Damage Taken Support: Cast when Damage Taken Support has the following alternate skill effects: Cats when Damage Taken was a trigger gem available only on April 1, 2015 as an April Fool's joke.[5] Like Cast when Damage Taken, it caused a linked spell to activate when the player accumulated damage taken, but besides casting the spell, it also summoned black cats. Other properties were identical to the Cast when Damage Taken skill.