Chance to Poison Support (formerly Lesser Poison Support) is a support gem that grants linked gems a chance to poison enemies and deal additional chaos damage. The gem can stack with Vile Toxins SupportVile Toxins SupportSupportIcon: eLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 130%Requires Level 38Supports any skill that hits enemies.Supported Skills deal 5% more Damage with Hits for each Poison on the Enemy, up to (5-8)Supported Skills deal (10-19)% more Damage with Poison Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills deal (0.5-10)% increased Damage with PoisonThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. for poison damage, as well as Critical Strike Affliction SupportCritical Strike Affliction SupportCritical, SupportIcon: oLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: 130%Requires Level 31Supports any skill that hits enemies.Supported Skills have +(70-98)% Damage over Time Multiplier for Ailments from Critical Strikes Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have +(0.5-10)% Damage over Time Multiplier for Ailments from Critical StrikesThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. for scaling damage over time if the poison ailment is inflicted by critical strike. Chance to Poison Support can drop anywhere. Chance to Poison Support can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: In addition, the Large Chest in The Twilight Strand (Act 1) contains this gem, if the player selects Shadow as the character. The following modifiers can be spawn in item in the game and related to Lesser Poison Support: No results found The following unique items are related to Lesser Poison Support: