Clarity is an aura that grants mana regeneration to the caster and their allies. At level 20, Clarity's mana regeneration is equivalent to the natural mana regeneration of 1886 mana. When the player has a large amount of life but little mana and needs both the regeneration and other mana-reserving skills, linking this with Arrogance SupportArrogance SupportAura, SupportIcon: BLevel: (1-20)Cost & Reservation Multiplier: (220-201)%Requires Level 31Supports any non-blessing skill with a reservation.Supported Skills have (10-19)% increased Aura effectSupported Skills Reserve Life instead of Mana Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Supported Skills have (0.25-5)% increased Aura effectThis is a Support Gem. It does not grant a bonus to your character, but to skills in sockets connected to it. Place into an item socket connected to a socket containing the Skill Gem you wish to augment. Right click to remove from a socket. might be a consideration. Beware the high reservation multiplier, however. For more information about auras in general, see aura. As Clarity reserves a flat amount of mana (whereas most other auras reserve a percentage), it can often be used at a low level without overly compromising the mana available for active skills. Clarity can drop anywhere. Clarity can be created from the following recipes: This item is given as a quest reward for the following quests: This item can be bought at the listed NPC vendors, after completing the following quests: The following helmet enchantments affect Clarity. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. No results found for the given query. The following unique items are related to Clarity: The following modifiers are related to Clarity: Synthesis implicit modifiers: No results found The following mods can only be find in legacy item in permanent leagues: No results found for the given query. Clarity has the following alternate skill effects: