Flame Surge of Combusting is a spell that deals fire damage in a narrow area of effect in front of the caster. It has a chance to Ignite, which also leaves Burning Ground that deals damage proportional to the ignite damage. It is a transfigured version of Flame SurgeFlame SurgeSpell, AoE, Fire, DurationLevel: (1-20)Cost: (6-16) ManaCast Time: 0.50 secCritical Strike Chance: 6.00%Effectiveness of Added Damage: 190%AoE Radius: 30Requires Level 12Strikes enemies in front of you with a surge of flame. Burning enemies are dealt more damage. If you hit an ignited enemy, will create burning ground under them. Your damage modifiers don't apply to this burning ground.Base duration is 4.00 secondsDeals (26-832) to (40-1247) Fire Damage(50-88)% more Damage with Hits against Burning enemiesCannot Ignite+(0-9) to Area of Effect lengthHits on Ignited Enemies create Burning Ground, no more than once every 2 secondsBurning Ground deals 25% of Fire Damage per second of Ignite affecting Enemy Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: +(1-20)% more Damage with Hits against Burning enemiesPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version can ignite, and create burning ground on ignite rather than when hitting an ignited enemy, with a higher percentage of the ignite's DPS. It also costs more mana and has a slower cast time, but has more damage and damage effectiveness. It no longer has a multiplier for hits against burning enemies. Gem quality increases the burning ground damage scaling instead. Burning Ground scaling: modifiers to burning damage, fire damage, etc. all apply to the initial ignite inflicted by this skill. To prevent double-dipping, these do not also affect the burning ground created by this skill. However, due to the specific base damage source of the ground effect—raw DPS of the ignite—it can be increased at a greater degree than the total damage of the ignite. This can be accomplished through the use of "faster" modifiers to ignites, most notably Sadism Support which, while reducing total ignite damage, greatly increases actual second-to-second DPS of the ignite and burning ground alike. As an independent skill effect, the burning ground is not tied to the duration of the ignite. Absent any skill effect duration modifiers, the burning ground will always last 4 seconds. Flame Surge of Combusting has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Flame Surge of Combusting can be created from the following recipes: The following helmet enchantments affect Flame Surge. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Flame Surge of Combusting has the following alternate skill effects: