Frost Blades of Katabasis is a cold melee attack skill that strikes with greatly increased range, then, if it hits, it has the secondary effect of leaving a ground effect that both chills (chilled ground) and deals cold damage over time. It is a transfigured version of Frost BladesFrost BladesAttack, Projectile, Melee, Strike, ColdLevel: (1-20)Cost: (6-10) ManaAttack Damage: (143-409)% of baseEffectiveness of Added Damage: (143-409)%Projectile Speed: 2250Attack enemies with increased range, releasing icy blades from the first enemy hit which fly at other enemies. Requires a Melee Weapon.Fires (5-8) Projectiles60% of Physical Damage Converted to Cold Damage+(1.8-2.1) metres to Melee Strike Range Additional Effects From 1-20% Quality: Fires +(0.1-2) ProjectilesPlace into an item socket of the right colour to gain this skill. Right click to remove from a socket.. Unlike the original skill, this transfigured version has a greater range and no projectiles. Instead, if it hits, the attack leaves a ground effect that both chills (chilled ground) and deals cold damage over time. When Frost Blades of Katabasis hits with its melee strike, a chilling area is created, chilling enemies and dealing cold damage over time to them. The chilling area does not inflict its own hit.[2] The area of this chilling area cannot be modified. Additional strikes will each create a chilling area. Multiple chilling areas do not stack their effects. Scaling: The damage over time is not affected by modifiers to attack damage or damage with specific weapons. It is affected by Damage with Attack Skills modifiers, however. It is also affected by modifiers to area damage which does not affect the initial strike. Frost Blades of Katabasis has restrictions on where or how it can drop. This item is a transfigured gem. It can be obtained through the use of the Divine Font in the Lord's Labyrinth. Frost Blades of Katabasis can be created from the following recipes: The following threshold jewels augment Frost Blades of Katabasis: Note that the jewels may be drop disabled and can only be found in permanent leagues as legacy items. The following helmet enchantments affect Frost Blades. Note that helmet enchantments are no longer obtainable since version 3.23.0 and can only be obtained in permanent leagues as already enchanted items from before this patch. Frost Blades of Katabasis has the following alternate skill effects: