Suppport Gems are a type of Gem in Path of Exile 2 (PoE 2). Support Gems are designed to modify and enhance the effects of the Skill Gems they are linked to. Unlike Skill Gems, Support Gems do not have active abilities of their own; instead, they adjust the properties of a Skill Gem in various ways. These modifications allow players to tailor their skills to their preferred playstyle. Support Gems can also add additional effects such as increased damage, increased range, or other situational bonuses. Support Gems enhance Skill Gems in unique and impactful ways, offering greater customization for character builds. Over a hundred new Support Gems are being introduced, expanding strategic possibilities even further. Haemocrystals: introduce a fresh approach to bleed-focused builds, converting damage over time into devastating Vaal crystal explosions. Alignment: empowers Bow Attacks, rewarding precise positioning and tactical movement. Caltrops: scatters hazardous traps across the battlefield, hindering enemies' movement while spears tear through their ranks. Many more options cater to diverse playstyles, including Enormity, Unsteady Tempo, Profanity, Retaliate, Syzygy, and others yet to be unveiled. Quick Search of All POE2 Support Skills You can search by Name, Tags, Effect or Lvl Requirement. Just type into the search box what you are looking for. Supports Attacks, causing them to trigger a fiery explosion when they Fully Break an ememy's Armour. Attack Damage: 100%Converts 100% of Physical Damage to Fire DamageExplosion radius is 1.4 metresTriggers when a Supported Skill Fully Breaks an enemy's Armour Supports melee attack skills Gain an Endurance Charge when you Stun an Enemy with a Melee Hit from Supported Skills Supports melee attack skills, making them more accurate at range. Supported Skills have 80% reduced penalty to Accuracy Rating at range Supports any skill that has a duration, making that duration shorter. Supported Skills have 30% less Skill Effect Duration Supports Attacks, causing them to Gain Fire Damage but deal less Cold and Lightning Damage. Supported Attacks Gain 25% of Damage as extra Fire DamageSupported Attacks deal 50% less Cold and Lightning Damage Supports any skill, causing Armour Break it inflicts to be stronger. Supported Skills break 80% more Armour Supports Projectile Attacks, causing Strength to increase their Projectile damage. Supported Skills deal 0.5% increased Projectile Damage Supports any skill that Hits enemies, giving it a chance to inflict Bleeding. Supported Skills have 50% chance to inflict Bleeding Supports any skill that has a duration, making that duration longer. Supported Skills have (–40)% more Skill Effect Duration Supports skills that can Empower skills other than themselves, causing skills they Empower to deal more damage. Skills Empowered by Supported Skills deal 15% more Damage Supports melee attack skills, making them slower but more powerful. Supported Skills have 20% increased Area of EffectSupported Skills have 15% less Attack SpeedSupported Skills deal 20% more Melee Area Damage Supports any skill that Hits enemies, causing it to Knock Back enemies. Supported Skills Knock Enemies Back on Hit Supports any skill, causing Armour Break it inflicts to be stronger. Supported Skills Break 40% more Armour Supports Attacks, causing their Physical damage to Leech Life. Leech 6% of Physical Attack Damage from Supported Skills as Life Supports Attacks that use a weapon, causing them to deal more weapon Elemental damage. Supported Skills deal 25% more Weapon Elemental Damage Supports Skills that create Ground Surfaces, causing those surfaces to last longer. 50% increased duration of Ground Surfaces created by Supported Skills Supports any damaging skill that you use or trigger yourself, causing it to consume Rage to deal more damage. If you don't have enough Rage to consume, the damage bonus will not apply. Supported Skills consume 10 Rage if possible to deal 35% more Damage Supports Slam Skills you use yourself. Supported Skills gain multiple independent chances to cause Aftershocks, but deal less Damage. Supported Skills have 30% chance to cause an additional AftershockSupported Skills have 15% chance to cause two additional AftershocksSupported Skills have 10% chance to cause three additional AftershocksSupported Skills deal 35% less Damage Quick Search of POE2 Dexterity Support Skills You can search by Name, Tags, Effect or Lvl Requirement. Just type into the search box what you are looking for. Supports Projectile skills, making those Projectiles travel faster. Supported Skills have 40% more Projectile Speed Supports any skill that hits or chills enemies, causing cold exposure to chilled and frozen enemies. Supported Skills apply Cold Exposure to enemies they Chill, applying -10% to Cold ResistanceSupported Skills apply Cold Exposure to enemies they Freeze, applying -10% to Cold Resistance Supports any skill that Hits enemies, allowing it to inflict an extra Poison on enemies but shortening the duration of those Poisons. Targets can be affected by +1 Poisons from Supported Skills at the same timeSupported Skills have 30% less Poison Duration Supports Projectile skills, making those