Projectiles travel faster. Supported Skills have 40% more Projectile Speed Supports any skill that hits or chills enemies, causing cold exposure to chilled and frozen enemies. Supported Skills apply Cold Exposure to enemies they Chill, applying -10% to Cold ResistanceSupported Skills apply Cold Exposure to enemies they Freeze, applying -10% to Cold Resistance Supports any skill that Hits enemies, allowing it to inflict an extra Poison on enemies but shortening the duration of those Poisons. Targets can be affected by +1 Poisons from Supported Skills at the same timeSupported Skills have 30% less Poison Duration Supports Projectile skills, making those Projectiles travel more slowly. Supported Skills have 30% less Projectile Speed Supports any skill that Hits enemies, giving it a chance to Poison enemies. Supported Skills have 50% chance to Poison on Hit Supports Strikes that perform a Final Strike at the end of a combination of attacks, allowing you to use the Final Strike twice in succession. Final Strike of Supported Skills can be performed twice in succession Supports Attacks, causing them to Gain Lightning Damage but deal less Cold and Fire Damage. Supported Attacks Gain 25% of Damage as extra Lightning DamageSupported Attacks deal 50% less Cold and Fire Damage Supports Attacks, causing them to Attack faster. Supported Skills have 25% more Attack Speed Supports trap skills, making them throw extra traps in a line. Supported Skills throw up to 2 additional TrapsSupported Skills deal 75% less DamageSupported Skills can have up to 3 additional Traps placed at a time Supports skills that can Empower skills other than themselves, causing skills they Empower to Cull enemies. Skills Empowered by Supported Skills have Culling Strike Supports skills which can have a Limited number of effects active at once, increasing that Limit at the cost of their duration. Only applies to restrictions that use the word "Limit". Supported Skills have +1 to LimitSupported Skills have 50% less Skill Effect Duration Supports skills that can generate Charges, giving them a chance to generate an additional Charge when they do so. Supported Skills have 50% chance to grant an additional Charge. Supports Projectile skills, making them fire extra Projectiles. Also lowers Attack and Cast speed of supported skills, as well as lessening their damage. Supported Skills deal 20% less DamageSupported Skills fire 2 additional ProjectilesSupported Skills have 20% less Attack and Cast Speed Supports Attacks, causing them to gain Accuracy. Supported Skills have 50% more Accuracy Rating Supports skills with Cooldowns, increasing the rate at which those Cooldowns Recover. Supported Skills have 30% increased cooldown recovery rate Supports Attacks, causing them to deal more damage from farther away. Supported Skills deal 35% more Attack Damage to enemies further than 7 metres from you, scaling down to no bonus at 3.5 metres or closer Supports Attacks, causing them to build up Daze based on a portion of Physical Damage dealt. Supported Attacks cause Daze buildup equal to 100% of Physical Damage dealt +5 Dex Supports any skill that Hits enemies, causing enemies it kills to grant more Life Flask charges. Enemies killed by Hits from Supported Skills grant 100% more Life Flask Charges Supports any skill that Hits enemies, causing enemies it kills to grant more Mana Flask charges. Enemies killed by Hits from Supported Skills grant 100% more Mana Flask Charges Quick Search of POE2 Intelligence Support Skills You can search by Name, Tags, Effect or Lvl Requirement. Just type into the search box what you are looking for. Supports Spells, causing them to cast faster. Supported Skills have 25% more Cast Speed Supports Attacks, causing them to Gain Cold Damage but deal less Fire and Lightning Damage. Supported Attacks Gain 25% of Damage as extra Cold DamageSupported Attacks deal 50% less Fire and Lightning Damage Supports any skill that hits enemies, causing you to regenerate mana on shocking an enemy. Cannot support skills which create minions, or skills used by totems or traps. Regenerate 2 Mana per second for 4 seconds when a Supported Skill Shocks an enemy Recover 50 Mana when a Minion from Supported Skills dies Supports any skill that Hits enemies, spreading Ignites it inflicts to nearby enemies. Ignites caused by Supported Skills spread to other Enemies within 1.4 metres Supports any skill with an area of effect, making it larger Supported Skills have 40% more Area of Effect Supports Spells that affect an area around you or a target location, causing those Spells to also target additional areas on either side of the target area, along a randomly chosen axis. Cannot support Channelling skills or Remote skills. Supported Skills have 20% less Area of EffectCascades from Supported Skills have 20% less Area of EffectSupported Skills deal 30% less DamageSupported Skills also affect Areas on either side of the targeted Area along a random axis Supports Minion Skills.